Add Getting started section in website (#22)
fatiando/website: index.rst

   </div>

> .. _started:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _getting-started:
```

Getting Started
===============

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. raw:: html

    <h2><i class="fas fa-laptop"></i> Install</h2>  
    
```

> In order to start using the Fatiando tools you need to install a Python distribution. We recommend the `Anaconda Python distribution <https://www.anaconda.com/products/individual>`__. You can find detailed instructions on how to install it on any operating system in the `Software Carpentry setup instructions <https://carpentries.github.io/workshop-template/#python>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to start using the Fatiando tools you need to **install a Python distribution**. We recommend using `Anaconda <https://www.anaconda.com/products/individual>`__. You can find detailed instructions on how to install it on any operating system in the `Software Carpentry setup instructions <https://carpentries.github.io/workshop-template/#python>`__.
```

Once you finished setting up Anaconda, you can install all the latest Fatiando tools with a single command:

> .. raw:: html
> 
>    <code>
>       conda install verde harmonica rockhound boule --channel conda-forge
>    </code>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. code::

    conda install verde harmonica rockhound boule pooch --channel conda-forge
```
Using the rst block for code is probably better since it already includes formatting and padding etc. Also, I know pooch gets installed with the other tools but this way it's more complete 🙂

Alternatively, you can use the `pip package manager <https://pypi.org/project/pip/>`__:

> .. raw:: html
> 
>    <code>
>       pip install verde harmonica rockhound boule
>    </code>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. code::

    pip install verde harmonica rockhound boule pooch
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

.. raw:: html

    <h2><i class="fas fa-user-graduate"></i> Learn</h2>  
    
```

Reviewer: Maybe start this part by directing people to the project documentations? What do you think?

> `Fatiando's youtube channel <https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCycNE5V984aAKL94GoA903g>`__

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`Fatiando's YouTube channel <https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCycNE5V984aAKL94GoA903g>`__
```

> `Fatiando's YouTube channel <https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCycNE5V984aAKL94GoA903g>`__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Fatiando's YouTube channel <https://www.youtube.com/fatiandoorg>`__
```

> has a tutorial on how to use some Verde functions that maybe can help you to get
> started with Fatiando's tools:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
has a tutorial on how to use Verde for gridding scattered data that may help you to get
started with Fatiando tools:
```

> started with Fatiando tools:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
started:
```

.. raw:: html

   <div class="embed-responsive embed-responsive-16by9 youtube">
      <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/-xZdNdvzm3E" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
   </div>

.. raw:: html

>     <h2><i class="fas fa-rocket"></i> New to Python?</h2>

Reviewer: I really like the headings 🙂

> If you don't have too much experience with Python, **don't worry!**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't have much experience with Python, **don't worry!**
```

> We recommend the `Software Carpentry lessons <https://software-carpentry.org/lessons/>`__, a great place to start learning Python for scientific computation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend going over the `Software Carpentry lessons <https://software-carpentry.org/lessons/>`__, a great place to start learning Python for scientific computation and much more.
```

.. raw:: html

   <ul class="fa-ul icon-list-small">
      <li>
         <i class="fa-li fa fa-book fa-fw"></i>
         <a href="https://swcarpentry.github.io/python-novice-inflammation/">Programming with Python</a>
      </li>
      <li>
         <i class="fa-li fa fa-book fa-fw"></i>
         <a href="https://swcarpentry.github.io/python-novice-gapminder/">Plotting and Programming in Python</a>
      </li>

>    </ul>

Reviewer: Do we need to point to specific lessons here? Maybe just leave the link to the lessons page. What do you think?

   </div>

.. _started:

Getting Started
===============

> To use Fatiando tools, we recommend using the `Anaconda Python distribution <https://www.anaconda.com/products/individual>`__
> to ensure you have all dependencies installed.
> We recommend `Software Carpentry instructions <https://carpentries.github.io/workshop-template/#python>`__
> for Anaconda installation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to start using the Fatiando tools you need to install a Python distribution. We recommend the `Anaconda Python distribution <https://www.anaconda.com/products/individual>`__. You can find detailed instructions on how to install it on any operating system in the `Software Carpentry setup instructions <https://carpentries.github.io/workshop-template/#python>`__.
```

> So, you can install all the latest Fatiando tools with a single command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once you finished setting up Anaconda, you can install all the latest Fatiando tools with a single command:
```

.. raw:: html

   <code>

>       conda install verde harmonica rockhound boule  --channel conda-forge

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      conda install verde harmonica rockhound boule --channel conda-forge
```

   </code>

> Alternatively, you can also use the `pip package manager <https://pypi.org/project/pip/>`__:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can use the `pip package manager <https://pypi.org/project/pip/>`__:
```

.. raw:: html

   <code>
      pip install verde harmonica rockhound boule
   </code>

`Fatiando's youtube channel <https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCycNE5V984aAKL94GoA903g>`__
has a tutorial on how to use some Verde functions that maybe can help you to get
started with Fatiando's tools:

.. raw:: html

   <div class="embed-responsive embed-responsive-16by9 youtube">
      <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/-xZdNdvzm3E" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
   </div>

.. raw:: html

    <h2><i class="fas fa-rocket"></i> New to Python?</h2>

> If you don't have so much experience with Python language, **don't worry!**.
> We recommend you the `Software Carpentry lessons <https://software-carpentry.org/lessons/>`__.
> These are a really great for starting to learn Python for scientific computation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you don't have too much experience with Python, **don't worry!**.
We recommend the `Software Carpentry lessons <https://software-carpentry.org/lessons/>`__, a great place to start learning Python for scientific computation.
```
